Yes, I'll take it.
Put our big brother Li down first
Don't worry, I bought it.
I guess you don't dare to play with me
Thank you little brother, what are you thanking me for?
I happen to be here to buy this too
But I want to buy more.
You see, this is not a way.
Oh yes yes
I have as many as you want.
Let's 1 million first
Ah, you want to buy 1 million
Little brother, you bought too much.
Although I also know that this thing can make money
But it's too risky.
Why don't you buy less and try it first?
Brother Li
This opportunity to make money
How can I try it?
As the so-called wealth and wealth insurance
Your stuff is too expensive, Mr. Ye is right
Wealth and wealth
This brother
Give me 500,000 too
Crazy absolutely crazy
One 1 million one 500,000
Isn't this money?
Go go go
Absolutely insane.
It's too risky
Why don't you buy less?
Brother Li
Just rest assured to help us buy it.
I definitely don't blame you for something wrong
And if you believe me
You can come with us.
Definitely make money
Oh, that's fine.
Then I'll give it to you.
Please wait for me now.
Don't be nervous.
I'm using my wife to control the virus, haha.
Don't have that relationship with me, okay?
This time I'll take you through a book
Just marry a few more wives haha